Today is one day of the Omer.
Today is two days of the Omer.
Today is three days of the Omer.
Today is four days of the Omer.
Today is five days of the Omer.
Today is six days of the Omer.
Today is seven days, which are one week, of the Omer.
Today is eight days, which are one week and one day, of the Omer.
Today is nine days, which are one week and two days, of the Omer.
Today is ten days, which are one week and three days, of the Omer.
Today is eleven days, which are one week and four days, of the Omer.
Today is twelve days, which are one week and five days, of the Omer.
Today is thirteen days, which are one week and six days, of the Omer.
Today is fourteen days, which are two weeks, of the Omer.
Today is fifteen days, which are two weeks and one day, of the Omer.
Today is sixteen days, which are two weeks and two days, of the Omer.
Today is seventeen days, which are two weeks and three days, of the Omer.
Today is eighteen days, which are two weeks and four days, of the Omer.
Today is nineteen days, which are two weeks and five days, of the Omer.
Today is twenty days, which are two weeks and six days, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-one days, which are three weeks, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-two days, which are three weeks and one day, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-three days, which are three weeks and two days, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-four days, which are three weeks and three days, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-five days, which are three weeks and four days, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-six days, which are three weeks and five days, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-seven days, which are three weeks and six days, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-eight days, which are four weeks, of the Omer.
Today is twenty-nine days, which are four weeks and one day, of the Omer.
Today is thirty days, which are four weeks and two days, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-one days, which are four weeks and three days, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-two days, which are four weeks and four days, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-three days, which are four weeks and five days, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-four days, which are four weeks and six days, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-five days, which are five weeks, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-six days, which are five weeks and one day, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-seven days, which are five weeks and two days, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-eight days, which are five weeks and three days, of the Omer.
Today is thirty-nine days, which are five weeks and four days, of the Omer.
Today is forty days, which are five weeks and five days, of the Omer.
Today is forty-one days, which are five weeks and six days, of the Omer.
Today is forty-two days, which are six weeks, of the Omer.
Today is forty-three days, which are six weeks and one day, of the Omer.
Today is forty-four days, which are six weeks and two days, of the Omer.
Today is forty-five days, which are six weeks and three days, of the Omer.
Today is forty-six days, which are six weeks and four days, of the Omer.
Today is forty-seven days, which are six weeks and five days, of the Omer.
Today is forty-eight days, which are six weeks and six days, of the Omer.
Today is forty-nine days, which are seven weeks, of the Omer.
